Add shadowrootslotassignment attribute (#43753)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/web_components/using_templates_and_slots/index.md

- Content with `slot="my-text"` goes into the named slot.
- All other content automatically goes into the unnamed slot.

> ## Named and manual slots

Reviewer: This is proposed section on Named and manual slots - "slotted into the guide". 

@keithamus This heavily steals from your comment https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43753#issuecomment-4405465956 - which I hope is OK. 

Can you please sanity check it. Is it "good enough". We could make this example work fairly easy. 
IF you are not happy, please suggest changes.

Reviewer: Setting resolved. Keith has had a chance to comment :-)

> The previous example uses _named slot assignment_, populating named {{htmlelement("slot")}} elements in a template with the content of elements in the custom component (or more generally the host element) that have matching names in their [`slot`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/slot) attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The previous example uses _named slot assignment_, which means the named {{htmlelement("slot")}} elements in a template are populated with the content of elements in the custom component (or more generally the host element) that have matching names in their [`slot`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Global_attributes/slot) attributes.
```

This is the original mechanism used for slot assignment and is the most suitable method for most use cases.

> More recently, _manual slot assignment_ has been introduced as an alternative.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't feel very future-proof. How about:

```suggestion
_Manual slot assignment_ is an alternative approach in which elements are manually assigned to slots using {{domxref("HTMLSlotElement.assign()")}}.
```

And then delete the next sentence?

Reviewer: It's just so _very_ new. But its a good point.

> With this approach, elements are manually assigned to slots using {{domxref("HTMLSlotElement.assign()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Manual assignment is useful when you want to use some other approach than the `slot=` attribute for slot assignment.

Reviewer 2: This wording sounds a bit weird and obvious. How about just

"Manual assignment is useful when you want to insert content dynamically."

And then delete the next sentence?

Reviewer: The reason is that it might be used for more than just dynamic slot assignment "as the purpose".
In this comment from Keith https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/43753#issuecomment-4405465956 he suggests you could use it to decide you want to use existing id attributes say instead of adding `slot=` and duplicating that information. You could do that using this approach.

I'll just be more explict

```suggestion
Manual assignment is useful when you want to dynamically select the content to be slotted, or if you want to assign slots based on some other element attribute such as their `id`, without having to add duplicate `slot` attributes.
```

> One such case is when the content to be inserted is dynamic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For example, a `<movie-picker>` custom element like the one below, might use the `<select>` to filter on genre, slotting only the elements that have a matching data-genre on change.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, a `<movie-picker>` custom element might use a `<select>` element to filter on genre, slotting only the elements that have a matching `data-genre` attribute value on change.
```

```html
<movie-picker>
  <label
    >Genre:
    <select>
      <option>Comedy</option>
      <option>Drama</option>
      <option>Action</option>
      <option>Romance</option>
    </select>
  </label>
  <div data-genre="comedy romance"><h2>Hungover on Valentine's Day</h2></div>
  <div data-genre="drama romance"><h2>Us Two, plus Three</h2></div>
  <div data-genre="action drama"><h2>The Hitman 2: Can't die twice</h2></div>
  <div data-genre="action comedy">
    <h2>Tinkerbell, the last action hero</h2>
  </div>
</movie-picker>
```

> Named slot assignment predates manual assignment, and remains the default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Named slot assignment is the default behavior.
```

> On user agents that support manual assignment, you can enable this feature when you attach the shadow root.

Reviewer 2: Link "support manual assignment" to the BCD for manual assignment?

Reviewer: I modified this to "On user agents that support setting the shadow root slot assignment method, you can enable this feature when you attach the shadow root." - since you can only set manual if the assignment method can be set.

However I didn't set link explicitly to this, because the following sentence links to the methods where you would check for support, based on your method.

This is done programmatically using the [`options.slotAssignment`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/attachShadow#slotassignment) parameter passed to {{domxref("Element.attachShadow()")}}, or declaratively by setting the [`shadowrootslotassignment`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/template#shadowrootslotassignment) attribute on the {{htmlelement("template")}} element.

> The following HTML shows a simple example of how you can set `shadowrootslotassignment` when declaratively creating a shadow root (using `shadowrootmode`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following HTML shows a basic example of how you can set `shadowrootslotassignment` when declaratively creating a shadow root (using `shadowrootmode`).
```
